# CODAF
**The content of this repository has been developed as a component of a research project conducted at the University of York. The authors wish to clarify that they do not plan to provide ongoing maintenance or support for the codebase. Therefore, users are advised to exercise caution and utilize the software at their own discretion and risk.**

This repository contains the following files:

1. **[Battery Simulation](Battery%20Simulation)**: This folder provides details about battery modeling and simulation. It covers aspects such as state of charge, power draw during mission, physical parameters of battery and mission planner.

2. **[Reconfiguration](Reconfiguration)**: This folder includes all the necessary files for system modelling and property verification used in our approach towards system reconfiguration.

3. **[Graphical User Interface (GUI)](GUI)**: This folder contains the GUI component of our project, which is used to demonstrate relevant mission parameters.

# 1-Battery Simulation
**Developed in simulink-Matlab in Windows 11.**

The content for this work is in the 'Battery Simulation' folder. The **Simulink-Battery.zip** folder containis the simulink files for the battery simulation. **Simscape** is required to run the simulation.

# 2-Reconfiguration
**Developed and tested in Python 3.12.3, macOS Sonoma 14.4.1, [PRISM 4.7](https://www.prismmodelchecker.org/).**
Folder [Model Generation](Reconfiguration/Model%20Generation/) includes the [modelGen.py](Reconfiguration/Model%20Generation/modelGen.py) (static approach), and [modelGen_optimised.py](Reconfiguration/Model%20Generation/modelGen_optimised.py) (static and dynamic approach) scripts which both receive input from the [config.json](Reconfiguration/Model%20Generation/config.json) file and generate the MDP model according to the defined parameters. The latter of the two scripts employs PRISM at run-time to verify whether the result of verification satisfies the requirements set in the configuration file, and if not it will try to synthesise an updated model for a specified number of tries. The remaining files in the folder are examples of generated models.

Folder [Example model and properties](Reconfiguration/Example%20model%20and%20properties/) contains the model and properties used during our case study.

Folder [graphs](Reconfiguration/graphs/) contains two graphs generated by PRISM during the property analysis stage of our case study. 

# 3-Graphical User Interface
**Developed and tested in Python 3.11.7, Windows 11.**
The content for this work is in the 'GUI' folder under the zip file: `CODAF-Final.zip`.
To run the GUI, extract all files from the provided zip archive and execute `CODAF-Final.exe`.

The Python code for the graphical user interface (GUI) is `CODAF-Final.py`. 

The following libraries are required to run the GUI:
- `sys`
- `os`
- `PyQt5`
- `pandas`
- `matplotlib`
- `schemdraw`
- `io`

To run the GUI, execute the following command in the Conda terminal in the files directory:

python CODAF-Final.py

A video demonstrating the GUI software running is available in the file `Demo.zip`.


